88,49,default,XML based MMBase distribution,,The XML based MMBase distribution is now available at http://www.mmbase.org/download.,"The XML based MMBase distribution is now available at http://www.mmbase.org/download.
Significant improvements have been made in the XML project, such as multiple language support. The editors now support English, French, and Dutch.  
Database specific information was removed from the builder configuration files. This makes it possible to place extra builders on the www.mmbase.org site that can be downloaded when needed and used without any modification.
A new project team will define standard builders that belong to the MMBase distribution and additional builders that can be downloaded from www.mmbase.org. If you would like to be involved, contact the project leader of the 'defining builders' project.  
Most of the documentation at the MMBase site is adapted to the new XML configuration setup. By the end of this week the last changes will have been made.",2010-03-25 13:00:21.209
93,49,default,Pinkpop was no problem for MMBase,,The functionality of the Pinkpop site is facilitated by MMBase which did a very good job during Pinkpop 2000.,"The Pinkpop site of the VPRO was three days in action, a team of 15 people made 132 articles. Some articles consist of images, audio, and video. The Pinkpop site was visited by three times the amount of people according to previous year. Previous year there were 5.1 million hits per day.

MMBase had an uptime of almost 100%. Technical people of the VPRO had to bring MMBase down for a little adjustment to some code. 10 computer were available for entering information. During the festival 10 broadbox sessions were followed. See for yourself what is created in three days by visiting the Pinkpop site (see link at bottom).

The webdesign of the Pinkpop site was finished before the start of the festival. During the festival all people could concentrate on the content. All information added to the Pinkpop site can be reused in other parts of the VPRO site.",2010-03-25 13:00:21.21
95,49,default,Broadcaster EO chooses MMBase,,"Dutch radio and TV broadcaster EO will be co-user and developer of VPRO's Open Source content management system MMBase (http://www.mmbase.org). After careful comparison with other web publishing systems and extensive testing of the MMBase software, the EO decided to use MMBase to publish her website.","Dutch radio and TV broadcaster EO will be co-user and developer of VPRO's Open Source content management system MMBase (http://www.mmbase.org). After careful comparison with other web publishing systems and extensive testing of the MMBase software, the EO decided to use MMBase to publish her websites. In addition, the broadcaster is planning to publish via WAP in the future.

The EO assigns her team of software developers and web designers to work on MMBase together with the VPRO and other developers. The fast growing group of contributors to the MMBase project consists of, amongst others, Sun Microsystems, broadcaster the NOS, ISP XS4ALL, ISP De Digitale Stad, the University of Twente, Submarine, V2, de Waag, and Mediamatic. In addition, a large number of other broadcasting organizations are investigating MMBase.

The EO selected MMBase considering the following criteria: the system has to be modular in order for it to grow flexibly, it should be possible to implement it fast in the existing Internet department and the other departments, it should use open and object-oriented technology (such as Java and XML), and it should be scalable.",2010-03-25 13:00:21.211
97,49,default,MMBase Community Meeting,,"The MMBase Community meeting on 11 May was a success. Over 70 people showed up on the roof of the VPRO building. Improvements to MMBase wer discussed, newbies were introduced to what can be done with MMBase, and then there was the barbecue... (lots of pictures provided)","The MMBase Community meeting on 11 May was a success. Over 70 people showed up on the roof of the VPRO building. Improvements to MMBase where discussed, newbies were introduced to what can be done with MMBase, and then there was the barbecue.

During the Community meeting there were discussions about:
Authorisation, Wizards, Editors / HTML-input, JSP, Documentation, Status of XML project, and Mirror / scalability. 
Many of these topics will become projects, if you're interested in a certain topic you can participate in the project. See the project page at www.mmbase.org and email the person that is responsible for a certain project.

The following companies where present:
VPRO, Submarine, DDS, Lunatech, Sun Microsystems, Triple-P, CWI, Mediamatic, EO, UTwente, Soze, NetlinQ, KPN, Telebasics, V2, NOB, Organisatie, Waag, VARA,  Advise Online, org.net, Advance, C-Factory, Amaze, XS4ALL, Pine, CNN-Europa, Skydancer.",2010-03-25 13:00:21.212
100,49,default,MMBase goes OpenSource,,"MMBase, the VPRO s web-publishing software, will be available as Open Source beginning on April 3, 2000. The VPRO has been using MMBase for its own website (www.vpro.nl) for more than two years, and produces every year major multimedia projects such as live Internet-reporting from the Pinkpop music festival","MMBase, VPRO's web publishing software, available as Open Source

MMBase, the VPRO s web-publishing software, will be available as Open Source beginning on April 3, 2000. The VPRO has been using MMBase for its own website (www.vpro.nl) for more than two years, and produces every year major multimedia projects such as live Internet-reporting from the Pinkpop music festival. The VPRO is now releasing this software after years of development so that every organization with enough technical and conceptual knowledge can make use of it. Over the past nine months, MMBase has been prepared for release as Open Source software in collaboration with Sun, XS4ALL, De Digitale Stad and the NOS.

Using MMBase, advanced multimedia websites can be created by interaction designers. Adding and maintaining the content of these websites is especially easy, although a detailed knowledge of webservers and databases is required to install the program.

MMBase is a content management system written in Java, developed by the VPRO
for publishing texts, images, audio, and video via digital media, such as the Web, e-mail, SMS or WAP. Because the content, design, and technical elements are completely separated, the program has a broad range of applications. It has been tested on different computer platforms and can work with various databases and web servers.

Over the past three years, the program has grown into a flexible and reliable publishing system. During the 1999 Pinkpop festival, for example, it handled some 5.1 million hits per day. During the three-day festival period, the VPRO published to the site reviews of all the Pinkpop bands, hundreds of images, and dozens of on-site audio reports and concert compilations. The broadcaster also uses MMBase to automatically record, digitize, and publish radio programs to the VPRO website; the system processes more than 100 gigabytes of raw audio per week. In addition, approximately 80 VPRO employees have direct access to the content of the VPRO sites via an  editor  interface, and add daily updates to their own programs  websites.

By distributing MMBase as Open Source software, the VPRO is creating a community of developers who will ensure the program s robustness by testing it on various platforms. By working together on programming for MMBase, this community will also ensure that the program will take advantage of the latest technological developments. More documentation can be found at the MMBase website: www.mmbase.org",2010-03-25 13:00:21.213
102,49,default,UTF-8 / coding test article,"Café tweeëntwintig, Jiři Šimek, перестойка, 寛治","In the subtitle we find latin-1, latin-2, Russian, and Japanese/Chinese. In the body, we find even more.","Dutch: Café tweeëntwintig

Hebrew: דשךצ

Russian: перестойка

esperanto: Eĥoŝanĝo ĉiuĵaŭde

Czech: Jiři Šimek

Japanese: 寛治

Greek: παντα ρει

Korean:ㅐ먈갬

IPA: hʉ xaːt ɚt met ɨ?

euro: € 2,50

French: cœr de lion

CP1252: €‚ƒ„…†‡ˆ‰Š‹ŒŽ‘’“”•–—˜™š›œžŸ",2010-03-25 13:00:21.214
